---
title: "Nature harmonizes us"
summary: "The harmonous effects Nature energy produces in the body & mind"
categories: ["Course",]
topics: ["Hermetics"]
series: ["Hermeticism"]
series_order: 2
#externalUrl: ""
#showSummary: true
date: 2022-12-21
draft: false
---

### Nature's Harmonizing Effects
The systems of nature harmonizes and balances our energy, here's some examples:

1. Scientific research has shown that spending time in nature, or even just looking at pictures of natural landscapes, can increase levels of the neurotransmitter serotonin in the brain.
2. The aroma of certain plants and flowers can have a positive effect on our immune system. For example, the essential oils of some plants, such as lavender and rosemary, have been shown to have antioxidant and immune-boosting properties.
3. The heart chakra is connected to the nature energy of our planet. Nature energy is highly effective for opening/balancing this energy center of your body.

Overall, nature can have a very powerful and positive effect on our physical and emotional well-being. Taking time to connect with nature, whether through activities like hiking, gardening, or simply spending time in a natural setting, can be a great way to nourish and balance our bodies, minds, and spirits.

#### Effects of Seratonin: 
* https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18471139/.
* https://www.studysmarter.us/explanations/psychology/aggression/serotonin-research/

#### Nature is Alive 

It is also important to realize that nature is alive and you are apart of the system of Nature as well. Everyone is born into Nature & the essence of life.

It may be hard to understand this if you overlook the life within planets as an example. Scientists have actually recorded plants responding to different stimulus _as if they had their own emotional spectrum_. 

#### The Backster Effect

[This is a great video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59NsuVsOoZE) going over the Backster Effect which allows for plants understand our thoughts & emotions through sensing our electromagnetic field around our bodies (generated by the heart and brain).
* (Personal note) I theorize the iron in our blood allows for the EMF field (aka our Aura) around us to have magnetic properties, i.e _the Law of Attraction_